So, you've spent a lot of sweat on this and you learned a lot word
Python and C++ and gotten us some very efficient software.
I hope you like this,
you like playing with software code,
and I hope you liked the introduction.
Because if you do, you have a great future ahead of you,
and you're going to be a great engineer going forward.
But now, for the next class,
you're going to solve a really hard real problem.
You're going to build Google Maps, okay?
You know Google Maps?
When you punch in an address and you hit the button shortest path,
it routes you on the best path to get there.
You are going to build this and as you'll find out,
all the tools you learned so far in Python will be super
useful in making this a real joy. So let's dive in.